117 ff.: (count: 330)

Illustrated folios of the "Cleveland" Tutinama: (count: 291)

Folios from a painted manuscript: (count: 258)

110 folios: (count: 199)

With a mixture of paintings and calligraphy: (count: 180)

Composed of a series of miniatures, some created prior to Jahangir's ascension to the throne (1605-1627): (count: 154)

Folios from a painted manuscript. Illustrated and signed.: (count: 121)

22 single and 11 double-page miniatures; illuminated shamsahs on fol. 1v-2r, gold arabesque designs on the border of each folio. Nastaliq caligraphy by Muhammad Amin Mashhadi.: (count: 119)

Illustrated folios from the Shah Jahan Album: (count: 82)

Dispersed manuscript of 14 volumes: (count: 69)

103 folios with 96 detached miniatures (some on both recto and verso sides of a folio).: (count: 57)

Compiled album of folios from painted manuscripts: (count: 54)

Illustrated folios from the dispersed Minto Album: (count: 54)

The Anthology contains five short texts; 56 folios, and 7 illustrations.: (count: 51)

Illustrated folios from an illustrated manuscript of Hamzanama: (count: 46)

Illustrated folio: (count: 42)

Dispersed: text, double page frontispiece & covers at HUAM; 5 paintings: Polo Scene lost; Drunkenness,  Lovers Picnicking, and Incident in a Mosque at HUAM/MET; Celebration of 'Id is in private collection.: (count: 39)

Illustrated folios from the dispersed Late Shah Jahan Album: (count: 38)

Manuscript no. 9069 of the Iyar-i-Danish held by Bharat Kala Bhavan located in the Banaras Hindu University. The manuscript has 239 folios and 25 miniatures. The miniatures have separate numbering: 9069/3 to 9069/27. There is a double-page Persian painting of the Reza Abbasi school (17th century) which does not form a part of the volume, but is still included in it because it was pasted to its opening fly-leaf and the folio 1r at some later date. This painting is separately accessioned as 9096/1 and 9096/2.: (count: 38)

346 folios; carpet pages; shamsah; 20 illustrations and a double-page frontispiece: (count: 36)

Partially dispersed manuscript of the Akbarnama, the official history of the reign of the Mughal Emperor Akbar (r. 964-1015 AH / 1556-1605 CE). The manuscript is divided largely between the British Library (Or. MS 2988) and the Chester Beatty Library (Ms. 3). The Chester Beatty portion contains 268 folios, with 61 miniatures. During Chester Beatty's lifetime, 58 of the miniatures were removed and separately mounted; only 3 have been left in the text. Seven extracted leaves belonging to this Akbarnama, which were purchased on various later occasions, are separately stored by the library. For more information, see Linda York Leach, 1995.: (count: 36)

Illuminated collection of four of Amir Khusraw's epic poems in imitation of Nizami Ganjavi's Khamsah; with eight full-page miniatures in the classical Persian style executed in the early 20th century. Copied by the famous calligrapher Mir ʻAli Haravi (d. 1543).: (count: 34)

From the dispersed 14th c. copy of the Book of Kings: (count: 33)

Illustrated folio from a Persian translation of the Panchatantra: (count: 32)

Illustrated folios from a Persian translation of the Hindu epic: (count: 31)

Illustrated folio that belonged to "Emperor's Album," made for Emperors Jahangir and Shah Jahan: (count: 31)

Calligrapher: Muhammad al-Harawi: (count: 28)

283 folios, 88 Qazvin and Shiraz style miniatures; sarlawh added much later in India; nastaliq. About 45 are missing; pages not in order; several folios are Indian replacements: (count: 27)

132 folios, 51 miniatures (17 mounted separately): (count: 27)

Illustrated folios from the Johnson Collection, Album 1: (count: 26)

79 leaves; 3 illustrations; nasta'liq; stamped morocco binding: (count: 24)

86 folios; Indian and Persian miniatures and calligraphy; gilt stamped outer cover w/animals: (count: 22)

Illustrated folio from the Shah Jahan Album: (count: 22)

9 paintings from a dispersed manuscript: (count: 20)

A group of 7 detached folios from the manuscript.: (count: 20)

Ms with 8 illustrations, 4 original, 4 added ca. 1600 during reign of Shah Abbas.: (count: 20)

401 folios, including 17 painted miniatures.: (count: 19)

Folio 77r from a Divan of Hafiz (left-hand side of a double page): (count: 17)

Possibly part of an Indian calligraphy album. Disproved signature of Bihzad.: (count: 16)

The birth of Salim, illustratiuon to the Jahangirnama: (count: 14)

Folios of a painted manuscript: (count: 14)

14 miniatures in early Safavid style: (count: 14)

Asadi Tusi, Garshasbnamah; Ahmad Tabrizi, Shahanshahnamah; Bahmannamah; Kushnamah. 23 lines; gold-ruled columns; 11 miniatures; four unwans: (count: 13)

Illuminated version of Nizami Ganjavi's five epic poems, illustrated with nine miniatures of the Timurid school.: (count: 12)

Possibly in a U.S. museum such as University of Michigan Museum of Art, the Milwaukee Public Museum, the Denver Art Museum, the Smithsonian, the Lowe Museum of Art in Coral Gables, FL, or the Peabody Essex Museum.: (count: 12)

250 leaves; 19 miniatures, incl. 1 detached (cataloged separately); red leather binding: (count: 12)

A manuscript split between the British Library (8 illustrations, shamsah, decorated heading, birds) and the Chester Beatty Library (Ms 15, 1 illustration, colophon). Illustrations added by Jahangir in 1611. Kept in Akbar's Royal Library, then owned by Nur Jahan (seals of Akbar & Nur Jahan at CBL.): (count: 12)

A group of twelve detached folios; gold and black rulings on cream-colored paper.: (count: 12)

Folio from the dispersed 14th cent. copy of the Book of Kings: (count: 11)

4 illuminated frontispieces; 10 illustrations (1 before the text; 4 double-page compositions before each masnavi); 6 pages of "end-paper" decorated in floral and animal motifs in gold; ruled paper of Bukhara; nasta'liq: (count: 11)

Folios depicting episodes from Shahnama in the Fatih Album: (count: 11)

Single-page folio from a dispersed manuscript of the Divan-i Shahi.: (count: 11)

Composed of 89 folios: (count: 10)

25 miniatures; Nos. 2-13 Timurid, 1438-1439; Nos. 14, 16-22, 24-25 Bukhara/Safavid (c. 1550); Nos. 1, 15, 23 and decorative panels are provincial Mughal (late 18th c.): (count: 10)

Folios from a dispersed illuminated manuscript; each accessioned separately: (count: 10)

Illustrated folio from the Amber Album: (count: 10)

Contains an invocation to 'Ali: (count: 10)

Six detached leaves from a dispersed manuscript of Emperor Babur's autobiography. These complete leaves come from two different parts of the natural history section Babur included in the narrative and relate to his developing acquaintance with the India subcontinent after his conquest. The copy of the Baburnama from which the Beatty folios come is the first illustrated version of the text, termed the 'Dispersed' Baburnama because its folios are widely scattered; the largest group of 21 leaves in is the Victoria and Albert Museum. (from Linda York Leach, 1995): (count: 10)

Painting depicting Shah Tahmasp of Iran in solitary meditation by Sahifa Banu.: (count: 10)

Single page work: (count: 10)

Leaf from a dispersed manuscript of Razmnama (1616).: (count: 9)

A detached folio, probably from a manuscript of Layla and Majnun by Jami: (count: 9)

13 illustrations; copied by Muhammad ibn Azhar; seal of Hasan 'Ali Khan, who was Persian minister in Paris ca. 1864, scholar of P. literature, and a collector of rare manuscripts.: (count: 9)

This miniature is one of a series dating from a late sixteenth-century Mughal manuscript entitled Akhbar-i Barmakiyan, a work believed to have been written in the 10th/11th centuries A.D. and translated from Arabic into Persian by the fourteenth-century translator Ziya ud-Din Barani. The work concerns the history of the Barmakid dynasty, and chronicles "the generosity and clerical efficacy" of a family that rose to considerable power during the early years of the Abbasid Caliphate. (from Sotheby's catalog entry, 28 April 2004, Lot 55): (count: 9)

The painting illustrates Chapter 1, Tale XXIV.: (count: 9)

Dispersed manuscript of 49 extant paintings; 5 miniatures at Chester Beatty, Dublin (256); 2 at NY Met; 2 at John D. Rockefeller; 1 at Schott collection; private collections.: (count: 8)

A folio from a dispersed copy of Shahnama.: (count: 8)

Drawing, probably for an illustration in a manuscript of the "Khamsa" of Nizami, mounted as an album page. A couplet of unrelated text in the upper right and lower left corner.: (count: 8)

A group of 7 detached folios; gold and black rulings on cream-colored paper; nasta'liq: (count: 8)

Inspired after a 17th century original : (count: 8)

The painting illustrates Chapter 5, Tale XX.: (count: 8)

Illustration of Chapter 7, Tale XX.: (count: 8)

The stern schoolmaster is being forcibly expelled from his school in this illustration of Chapter 7, Tale IV.: (count: 8)

Detached folio: (count: 7)

3 of 5 poems by Kirmani; pages are out of sequence; the original order is not established: (count: 7)

From the dispersed 14th c. copy of the text known as the Great Ilkhanid Shahnama (or Great Mongol Shahnama): (count: 7)

A detached folio: (count: 7)

Illustrated page from the Gulshan Album: (count: 7)

The painting illustrates Chapter 2, Tale XXVII.: (count: 7)

The painting illustrates Chapter 5, Tale XVII.: (count: 7)

Illuminated heading (1b); five miniatures: (count: 7)

Recipes for food, drink, perfumes, and remedies. 50 miniatures, missing pages, inscriptions.: (count: 6)

756 folios with 149 miniatures: (count: 6)

190 folios; 6 unwans; 8 miniatures: (count: 6)

Folio from a dispersed Shahnama: (count: 6)

A group of 22 detached folios: (count: 6)

A group of twenty detached folios: (count: 6)

A group of five detached folios; gold and black rulings on cream-colored paper.: (count: 6)

Album containing 34 illustrated folios: (count: 6)

Single folio: (count: 6)

Thirty loose folios; small in size and are easily identified by their outer borders, which are filled with medallions painted in gold against an unpainted ground: (count: 6)

Illustration to the Jahangir Nama: Shah Jahan receiving the submission of Rana Amar Singh of Mewar in 1614: (count: 6)

One of three detached folios.: (count: 6)

hypostyle mosque partially built of spolia from temples. Begun in c. 1190 under the first Delhi Sultanate, with additions until 1400.: (count: 6)

Illustrated folio from a Ragamala: (count: 5)

From Assam, India: (count: 5)

Miniature painting in the James Ivory Collection. Attributed to Kesu Das and Kesu Khurd. Depiction of women and child in prayer, possibly copied from a nativity scene or depicting Mary, St. Anne, and Jesus Christ. Published in Welch, The Art of Mughal India: Painting & Precious Objects, no. 14 (1964) and J.P. Losty, Indian miniatures from the James Ivory Collection, cat. 3 (2010).: (count: 5)

Detached folio from the dispersed 14th c. copy of a Shahnama: (count: 5)

A double-page frontispiece of a dispersed Shahnama: (count: 5)

Three illustrated folios dispersed from a Khamsa of Nizami in the Topkapi Saray Palace Library, TSK H.762. The folios, representing the "Mi'raj," the "Suicide of Shirin," and "Shirin at Khusraw's palace," were sold to Edmund de Unger, who incorporated them into the Keir Collection, in the 1930s. The Keir Collection is currently on long-term loan to the Dallas Museum of Art in Texas.: (count: 5)

Created in Qazvin or Mashhad.: (count: 5)

A group of three folios from a dispersed Shahnama.: (count: 5)

A group of seven detached folios; red rulings on cream-colored paper, four columns: (count: 5)

Folios from an illustrated manuscript of the Shahnama: (count: 5)

Two detached folios of a dispersed manuscript: (count: 4)

Inscribed at top in Persian: painted at Lahore, 1838 A.D.: (count: 4)

The figure is surrounded by text blocks containing 20 lines of Persian poetry from various sources, all referencing the story of Layla and Majnun.: (count: 4)

4 columns, 25 lines; 572 folios; 30 miniatures; ff. 1b-2a double-page frontispiece: (count: 4)

3 volumes; unfinished; n.d. Ref.: Ethe 442: (count: 4)

Fritware with painting in blue, green, turquoise, and purple under clear glaze: (count: 4)

Manuscript of 539 leaves with six double-page illustrations introduced several years after the initial writing of the text: (count: 4)

468 folios, nasta'liq, gilt binding: (count: 4)

The Mughal figure is wearing brown, black and gold garments, and converses with a Hindu figure clothed in a green jameh, orange turban, and a white scarf. Published in Welch, Stuart C. “Early Mughal Miniature Paintings from Two Private Collections Shown at the Fogg Art Museum.” Ars Orientalis, vol. 3, 1959, pp. 133–146.: (count: 4)

Illustrated folios from a Khamsa of Nizami: (count: 4)

21 lines in four columns; 2 miniatures; 1 headpiece in gold and blue; gilt headings; gold speckled paper: (count: 4)

A group of 26 detached folios; a gold and blue inner frame and an outer frame with floral and geometric motifs: (count: 4)

Persian in black nasta’liq script; headings in white kufic.: (count: 4)

A group of two detached folios from a dispersed copy of Khamsa: (count: 4)

A detached folio from a group of twenty folios; other parts of the manuscript held in Topkapı Palace Library, the Met in NY, Chester Beatty Library, and the Louvre.: (count: 4)

404 pages containing 11 painted miniatures.: (count: 4)

Inspired after a 17th century original by Manohar: (count: 4)

Akbar in old age receiving his friend Mirza 'Aziz Koka. The incident took place in March of 1602, when the Emperor promoted the Mirza and his son, and accepted his daughter as a bride for Jahangir's son Khusrau. Holding the flywhisk, Prince Khusrau stands under the pavilion accompanying his younger brother Prince Khurram, the future Shah Jahan. See Pride of the Princes: Indian Art of the Mughal Era in the Cincinnati Art Museum, 1985.: (count: 4)

Sotheby's Lot 93, sold April 6, 2011 as part of the Stuart Cary Welch Collection, Part One: Arts of the Islamic World.: (count: 4)

Copied after an engraving produced in 1544 by Nuremberg artist George Pencz. Published in Linda York Leach, Mughal and Other Indian Paintings from the Chester Beatty Library, Vol. 1, 1995, pg. 135.: (count: 4)

Illustrated folio in a dispersed album: (count: 4)

Illustrated folio from a dispersed album: (count: 4)

A group of 2 detached folios: (count: 4)

Note: The attribution to Basawan has been made by Welch (1976), who points out the interest taken by this artist in eccentricities, and the characteristic treatment of the tree in the background.: (count: 4)

An illustration to "Story of Christ" (Dastan-i Masih) by Jerome Xavier for the Mughal emperor Akbar: (count: 3)

Found in a Coptic grave: (count: 3)

Possibly in the Peabody Essex Museum, MA, or another U.S. museum.: (count: 3)

White lettering on blue ground: (count: 3)

Fragment of a larger drawing. Published in Sotheby's catalog, The Stuart Cary Welch Collection, Part One: Arts of the Islamic World, Lot 95, April 6, 2011.: (count: 3)

Illustrated folios from Harivamsha ("Lineage of Hari [Vishnu]"): (count: 3)

211 illuminations: (count: 3)

f. 86a from the dispersed Divan of Hafiz: (count: 3)

Illuminated folios from a manuscript of Hamzanama: (count: 3)

An early Mughal painting as an independent work, not part of a manuscript.: (count: 3)

149 folios with 2 unwans, 86 paintings; standard page: 4 columns, 25 lines of text; nasta'liq.: (count: 3)

A group of two folios from a dispersed Shahnama; gold, blue, and white rulings mounted on a gold-sprinkled paperboard.: (count: 3)

A group of two folios from a dispersed unidentified manuscript.: (count: 3)

Published in Welch, Stuart C. “Early Mughal Miniature Paintings from Two Private Collections Shown at the Fogg Art Museum.” Ars Orientalis, vol. 3, 1959, pp. 133–146.: (count: 3)

An incomplete, illuminated copy of the Gulistan with the author's Bustan in the margins; accompanied by four miniatures. The date in the colophon (fol. 96a) has been altered to 660 H. However, the copyist is Sultan Muhammad al-Harawi, a famous artist of the 16th century, making the original date 960 H [1552 or 3]. Likely from Iran.: (count: 3)

Brass, with high spout and inlaid decorations: (count: 3)

Lent by private collection: (count: 3)

Painting of Jahangir receiving his son Prince Parviz with courtiers: (count: 3)

Spouted copper ewer; short vertically fluted neck (ten sided) with a pair of rings for suspension are attached to the top of the shoulder; engraved all over the surface with formal designs and with remains of gilding.: (count: 3)

This page from an album, identified by E. Dennison Ross as verses from Sa'di's Bustan copied and signed by Sultan 'Ali al-Mashhadi, was illuminated by a Mughal court artist and then incorporated into a royal album. The illumination was probably done in the 1620s for Jahangir, and floral borders were added later when the page was remounted for incorporation into an album for his son and successor, Shah Jahan (1628-1658).: (count: 3)

The painting illustrates the final episode of Tale XXVIII of Chapter 3. The boy who successfully shoots his arrow through the ring has been largely obscured by the damage at the upper left of the page, but his left hand and the bow are visible.: (count: 3)

Detached folio from British Library manuscript Or. 3714: (count: 3)

Mounted on an album page with borders of gold-decorated buff and blue paper (recto); calligraphy by Faqir Ali (verso).: (count: 3)

Detached folio from a manuscript of the Baburnama depicting three horsemen on a mountain road near Bagram. The painting illustrates part of an incident in 1525; Babur and a group of men including his son, Humayun, who succeeded him as emperor, were encamped near Bagram and were told that a rhinoceros had been seen nearby. As Humayun had never seen one before, they rushed to find it and this illustration shows part of the royal entourage in pursuit of the animal which is not depicted. (from the Victoria and Albert Museum): (count: 3)

Baburnama illustration, Babur receiving Uzbek and Rajput envoys in a garden at Agra, by Ram Das. The time taken to complete the painting, 50 days, is recorded in minute lettering at bottom left of the page.: (count: 3)

Chester Beatty Library Ms. 32, Vol. 2, folio 12. Single-page folio from an illustrated manuscript of the Harivamsa depicting a prince approaching a palace with two bears seated amidst a glowing red jewel. Published in Linda York Leach, Mughal and other Indian Paintings from the Chester Beatty Library, Vol. 1, p. 115-17 (1995).: (count: 3)

Detached folios: (count: 3)

Folio 2 - Recto: (count: 3)

39 illustrations: (count: 2)

Part of a three drawings lot, Sotheby's, 31 May 2011.: (count: 2)

Manuscript composed of 764 pages, with 67 miniatures. Outer binding of black leather with gilded medallion; inner binding of red-brown leather.: (count: 2)

Bhagavata Purana, The Ancient Text of the Lord: (count: 2)

Abhaya Singh series: (count: 2)

Bhagavata Purana: (count: 2)

A Svetambara monk instructing a princely figure: (count: 2)

An illustration from a Rasamanjari (A Posy of Delights) set. Other pages are at: LACMA (M.74.5.9, M.75.4.29), Lalbhai Collection, San Diego Museum of Art, and other places.: (count: 2)

Four-armed Ganesha is seated in teh lalitasana on a rectangular base, holding a broken tusk and a modaka (sweet cake).: (count: 2)

Detached manuscript folio.: (count: 2)

Detached manuscript folio: (count: 2)

Folios from a dispersed copy of Shahnama (Aga Khan Museum owns four folios,  AKM16, AKM17, AKM18, and AKM85).: (count: 2)

Meeting between a shaykh and a figure identified as the Mughal ruler Shah Jahan or his son, Dara Shikoh.: (count: 2)

Detached folio from a Shahnama.: (count: 2)

Illustrated folio from a painted manuscript, that has been dispersed known as the Houghton Shahnama: (count: 2)

A group of 7 detached folios and book binding (F1931.30) accessioned separately: (count: 2)

2 miniatures (other miniatures of the series at the MET, HAM, and the Worchester Art Museum): (count: 2)

Composite lotuses and saz leaves, lobed medallions, double prunus stems, roundel, flowers.: (count: 2)

Illustrated folios of a copied manuscript of Kulliyat: (count: 2)

Illustrated folio from a copy of the Gulistan: (count: 2)

From a dispersed 14th c. copy of Shahnama: (count: 2)

452 folios; 1 double-page frontispiece (1b-2a); 4 sarlawhs: (count: 2)

Detached folio from a Shahnama attributed to India: (count: 2)

A group of four detached folios; red rulings on cream-colored paper in six columns: (count: 2)

A group of two detached folios; gold, black, and blue rulings on gold-sprinkled ground; paperboard with birds and floral motifs.: (count: 2)

Detached folio from a dispersed manuscript.: (count: 2)

A group of three detached folios of a dispersed manuscript; black and red rulings; mounted on a paperboard stenciled with landscape and floral motifs.: (count: 2)

65 folios, 3 paintings, 1 sarlawh (1b); standard page: 2 columns of text, 15 lines nasta'liq: (count: 2)

A section of Qur'an; 46 folios with 2 illuminated headings; rosette verse markers; standard page: 1 column, 5 lines of text: (count: 2)

Two detached folios of a dispersed manuscript.: (count: 2)

A detached folio from a dispersed copy of Khamsa: (count: 2)

A detached folio of a dispersed manuscript of Khamsa: (count: 2)

Detached folios from an unidentified dispersed manuscript; a double-page composition: (count: 2)

Two detached folios from an unidentified dispersed manuscript; double-page composition; nasta'liq: (count: 2)

Detached folio from a dispersed copy of Bustan; double-page composition: (count: 2)

204 folios; 1 double page frontispiece, 1 sarlawh, and 7 paintings; nasta'liq; standard page: 2 columns, 12 lines of text: (count: 2)

117 folios with one sarlawh; binding is gilt, block- stamped medallions and cornerpieces on the exterior covers; the doublures are leather with gold-painted designs: (count: 2)

366 folios with a double-page frontispiece, 5 sarlawhs, and 16 paintings; standard page: 4 columns, 21 lines of text; nasta'liq; illuminated headings in blue: (count: 2)

Arabic in black muhaqqaq script, illuminated pages with titles in white thuluth script; 178 folios with two double-page illuminations, rosette verse markers and inscribed marginal medallions: (count: 2)

Two manuscripts bound together; Qasidat: 28 folios (ff. 1-28), 2 medallions, 1 heading; Book of Confessions: 12 folios (ff. 29-40), 1 illuminated page: (count: 2)

269 folios with 4 sarlawhs, and 13 paintings; nasta'liq: (count: 2)

50 folios, 3 paintings; standard page: 2 columns, 12 lines of text: (count: 2)

A 10th-11th cent. history of an early Abbasid dynasty, the Barmakid, translated from Arabic into Persian by the 14th cent. translator Ziya ud-Din Barani. A total of 16 illustrations from the manuscript sold by Sotheby's. Other illustrations: the Warren Hastings Album (subs. Phillipps MS.14170); the collection of Prince Sadruddin Aga Khan as published in Welch and Welch, 1982 and Canby 1998.: (count: 2)

Detached folios of a disperse manuscript; nasta'liq: (count: 2)

2 folios from a dispersed manuscript; standard page: 12 lines of nasta'liq, 2 columns of text: (count: 2)

Illustrated folio from the Late Shah Jahan Album: (count: 2)

Folios from a dispersed copy of Majma' al-tavarikh: (count: 2)

46 folios, 1 sarlawh, 2 paintings, and illuminated headings; standard page: 4 columns, 21 lines of text.: (count: 2)

Poetry written in Deccani; 8 miniatures, a double-page illuminated frontispiece, a double-page illuminated frame, and 3 unwans; modern binding: (count: 2)

Inside of a book cover (doublure): (count: 2)

Lot 116 from Catalogue of Highly Important Oriental Manuscripts and Miniatures, Kevorkian Foundation; Sotheby's sale December 1, 1969: (count: 2)

Folio from Shah Jahan album, I'timad al-Daula greets Jahangir: (count: 2)

Inspired after a 17th century original: (count: 2)

Folio 213 (verso) of Shahanshahnama: (count: 2)

A hobbled stallion with groom and Salukhi hound; a quatrain of poetry (verso): (count: 2)

Elias and Prince Nur ad-Dahr; single-page painting on detached folio. A-side: From the Hamzanama. The prophet Elias (Elijah) rescuing Prince Nur ad-Dahr from drowning in a river. Lush forest in background and fish and sea creatures in foreground. : (count: 2)

Bottle or flask with goat-shaped handles. Engraved with blessings in different scripts and inlaid with silver.: (count: 2)

Possibly a huqqah (hookah) bowl and stand. One of an identical pair. Bowl made in India, stand later produced in England.: (count: 2)

Dish, made of green (sage), blue, purple glazed pottery. The dish is painted in tones of cobalt, turquoise, grey-green and washy manganese outlined in black with composite lotuses, curved serrated leaves and tulips.: (count: 2)

Composed of 97 folios: (count: 2)

This miniature is one of a series dating from a late sixteenth-century Mughal manuscript titled Akhbar-i Barmakiyan, a work believed to have been written in the tenth and eleventh centuries and translated from Arabic into Persian by the fourteenth-century translator Ziya al-Din Barani. The work concerns the history of the Barmakid dynasty, and chronicles “the generosity and clerical efficacy” of a family that rose to considerable power during the early years of the Abbasid Caliphate. (from Sotheby's catalog entry, 7 October 2015, Lot 276): (count: 2)

Panel of calligraphy framed by cut-out small pieces of paper with calligraphy, all illuminated in opaque watercolor and gold. The Mughal borders are of indigo-dyed paper, painted with gold floral decoration.: (count: 2)

Detached folio from a manuscript of the Baburnama. Illustration depicts a scene in the mountains; the annual ceremony of acclaiming the standards by the Khan's army near Tashkent in 1502. Attributed to Devji Gujarati (artist).: (count: 2)

Illustrated folio from an album: (count: 2)

34 folios with a double-page frontispiece; illuminated headings; standard page: 2 columns, 22 lines of text; nasta'liq: (count: 2)

Derived from contemporary Iranian work; an almost identical cover is in the Victoria and Albert Museum.: (count: 2)

Detached album folio; inscription on the top reads: "The back of Akbar": (count: 2)

Fragment with a floral design: (count: 2)

Illustrated folios from a Bhagavata Purana: (count: 2)

Folio 2 - Verso: (count: 2)

Star tile painted in lustre over an opaque white glaze; seven dappled gazelles and a pond with two fish.: (count: 2)

Dish, with central plumose medallion enclosed by hyacinth stems (Godman Bequest).: (count: 1)

This beaker is one of fourteen dispersed pieces known as the Hedwig glasses, believed to have been made for the Norman court in Sicily.: (count: 1)

12 miniatures representing the sun, moon, and other planets, and 12 zodiac signs; nasta'lique: (count: 1)

Leaf from a Shahnamah with a miniature depicting the king Bahram feasting with the watercarrier Lanbak while Bahram's horse eats in the stable.: (count: 1)

Illustrated folio of Ragamala (Garland of Musical Melodies): (count: 1)

A bronze (pancha loha) sculpture of a seated figure of the Hindu god Siva. He has four arms and carries a parasu (axe) in his proper right rear hand, a mrga (deer) in his proper left rear hand, a naga (cobra) in his proper left fore hand and he holds his proper right hand in abhaya mudra (the gesture of protection). One leg is raised upon the throne in lalitasana (position of royal ease). At either end of the throne are the vertical bars for supporting a now lost framing arch.: (count: 1)

One of six designs for furniture and objects. Sotheby's catalog, May 31, 2011. Part II, Art of India.: (count: 1)

One of four drawings. Sotheby's, May 31, 2011. Part II. Arts of India.: (count: 1)

Two pages of folk drawings from the Ramayana.: (count: 1)

Illustrated folios from a dispersed Bhagavata Purana ("Ancient Stories of the Lord"): (count: 1)

Shiva, seated in yogi position, at the rear of a yoni-shaped base in a garland of skulls and armbands in the form of cobras; seated and standing devotees surround him.: (count: 1)

197 folios, 1 double-page frontispiece, colophon, and seals; standard page: four columns; Arabic in thuluth and naskh scripts: (count: 1)

Folio 9a from Album 4, an album of Mughal, Deccani, and Persian paintings, 16th-18th centuries, in the Raza Library. Stuart Cary Welch attributed the painting to Kesu Das. The subject depicted has been identified as Francois Bernier or as an earlier French physician who served under Jahangir known as Dr. Bernard. Published in Barbara Schmitz and Ziyaud-Din A. Desai, Mughal and Persian Paintings and Illustrated Manuscripts in the Raza Library, Rampur, pg. 31, pl. 45 (2006).: (count: 1)

Possibly in a U.S. museum such as University of Michigan Museum of Art, the Milwaukee Public Museum, the Denver Art Museum, the Smithsonian, the Lowe Museum of Art in Coral Gables, FL, or the Peabody Essex Museum. ; Note - General: "Ritual bronzes of Maharashtra and Karnataka" by Leo S. Figiel, 2007.: (count: 1)

A rare form of mukha-linga (cover for the linga) depicts a stupa-like linga surrounded by worshippers.: (count: 1)

Double-sided figurine showing, on one side, Vishnu holding gada (club) and chakra (wheel) in a crown and a garland of flowers, and on the other side, Krishna as the flute-playing Venugopala, who charmed gopi.: (count: 1)

One of 30 album folios of Mughal, Deccani, Rajasthani, Persian, and Bukharan paintings, 16th -19th cent. No accession information.: (count: 1)

A copy of an Isfahan painting of the early 17th cent. One of 30 album folios of Mughal, Deccani, Rajasthani, Persian, and Bukharan paintings, 16th -19th cent. No accession information.: (count: 1)

A manuscript split between the British Library (8 illustrations, shamsah, decorated heading, birds) and the Chester Beatty Library (53 folios, 1 illustration, colophon). Illustrations added by Jahangir in 1611. Kept in Akbar's Royal Library, then owned by Nur Jahan (seals of Akbar & Nur Jahan at CBL.): (count: 1)

A detached folio from an unidentified manuscript: (count: 1)

Left side of a double-page composition in an illuminated frame. One of 30 album folios of Mughal, Deccani, Rajasthani, Persian, and Bukharan paintings, 16th -19th cent. No accession information.: (count: 1)

One of the earliest copies of Shahnama; contained approx. 325 folios and possibly 140 illustrations: (count: 1)

Illustrated album folio from a dispersed manuscript: (count: 1)

386 folios; 8 miniatures; illuminations: (count: 1)

41 miniatures; 5 unwans; gold-ruled border: (count: 1)

Series of folios from a dispersed copy of the Qur'an, written in gold on parchment dyed blue: (count: 1)

684 folios, 63 paintings, 1 double-page frontispiece, and 2 sarlawhs (ff. 17b, 348b); standard page: 3 columns of text, 19 lines of nasta'liq: (count: 1)

A folio from a large dispersed Qur'an; 15 lines per page in Kufic script in brown ink; sura heading in gold: (count: 1)

A folio from a dispersed Qur'an; three lines per page in bold Kufic script in dark brown ink; vocalization of red and green dots: (count: 1)

Published in Welch, Stuart C. “Early Mughal Miniature Paintings from Two Private Collections Shown at the Fogg Art Museum.” Ars Orientalis, vol. 3, 1959, pp. 133–146, fig. 14.: (count: 1)

Painting from an unidentified album: (count: 1)

247 folios, 2 sarlawhs, 3 paintings, and 5 folios of gold landscape and animal motifs; standard page: 20 lines of text: (count: 1)

Two detached folios: (count: 1)

An auctioned folio from a dispersed manuscript of Razmnama. Attributed to Fattu based on the inscription on the lower margin.: (count: 1)

Single-page miniature, possibly by Muhammad Qasim, mounted on an earlier album page with miniatures attributable to the Khorasan school.: (count: 1)

Lot 118 of Sotheby's Catalogue of Highly Important Oriental Manuscripts and Miniatures, December 1, 1969. Catalog indicates that the folio is part of a Shahnama held by the Chester Beatty Library.: (count: 1)

Detached folio from a dispersed manuscript of the Baburnama, considered to be the first illustrated version of the text. 21 miniatures from this manuscript are held by the Victoria and Albert Museum, and others are in the Chester Beatty Library. This folio shows Babur receiving the daughters of Sultan Mahmud Mirza while encamped on the banks of the Oxus. The outline of the figure of Babur has been attributed to Basawan.: (count: 1)

Detail of bust: (count: 1)

Folio from Shah Jahan album: (count: 1)

Folio 153b from Haft Awrang by Jami: (count: 1)

Folio 194b from Haft Awrang: (count: 1)

Folio 222a of Haft Awrang: (count: 1)

Door-fitting or plaque. Openwork decoration; inscribed. Steel; carved.: (count: 1)

Painting, watercolour on paper, Baburnama illustration, right side of double picture, Babur meeting the Khurasan Mirzas, in a tent. (from the Victoria and Albert Museum): (count: 1)

Detached folio from a manuscript of the Baburnama. Illustration depicts Babur witnessing Muhammed Husain Mirza entangled in bedding, having run into Khanini's bedding room, in April or early May, 1507.: (count: 1)

Detached folio from a manuscript of the Baburnama. Illustration to the section of the Babumama in which Babur describes the animals, birds and plants of Hindustan, depicting a lion and buffalo, and birds in trees.: (count: 1)

Globular body w/ inlaid gold scrollwork and rumi motifs, dragon handle: (count: 1)

Illustration to the Jahangir-Nameh, or memoirs of Jahangir.: (count: 1)

Decorated with a floral/vegetal motif in green, blue and red.: (count: 1)

Footed dish, made of glazed pottery. Painted in shades of cobalt blue, turquoise and turquoise-green outlined in black with carnations, tulips and other composite blooms.: (count: 1)

The painting illustrates Chapter 3, Tale XXIV.: (count: 1)

Painting, watercolour on paper, Baburnama illustration (left side of double page painting), Babur meeting the Khurasan Mirzas in the tents of Badi-al-Zaman Mirza in October 1506. (from the Victoria and Albert Museum): (count: 1)

Detached folio from a manuscript of the Baburnama. Illustration depicts Hindu ascetics at a shrine said to be near Begram (near Peshawar), a well and tree.: (count: 1)

Baburnama illustration, Jahangir Mirza and Tambal driven out of the town of Aush by a mob in 1498.: (count: 1)

Baburnama illustration depicting the encampment before Kabul in 1507 before the attack on the rebels holding the city; in the background a Muslim cemetery and distant mountains.: (count: 1)

Folio 2a from Album 4, an album of Mughal, Deccani, and Persian paintings, 16th-18th centuries, in the Raza Library. Identified as an illustrated folio from Amir Khusrau Dihlavi's A'ina-i Iskandari ("Iskandar's Mirror"). Published in Barbara Schmitz and Ziyaud-Din A. Desai, Mughal and Persian Paintings and Illustrated Manuscripts in the Raza Library, Rampur, pg. 30, pl. 38 (2006).: (count: 1)

illustration to the musical mode ragini kedari.: (count: 1)

Glass water-flask in the shape of a pilgrim's flask; gilded and enamelled decoration. Decoration includes horseman and female musician.: (count: 1)

Belt: 6 iron plaques linked by dark crimson velvet. Armband: 3 iron plaques linked by crimson fabric.: (count: 1)

Drawing from an unidentified album: (count: 1)

Folio from an unidentified album: (count: 1)

Bilqis, the Queen of Sheba, reclines besides a meandering stream while holding a love letter that the hoopoe, perched in a bush at her feet, will deliver to her beloved, King Solomon. Sheba wears a beautifully ornamented dress printed with animal and human faces interwoven with arabesque designs. A single tree and bush frame her on either side, while two flowering plants appear above.: (count: 1)

371 folios, 10 sarlawhs, 158 illustrations, and 7 colophons; nasta'liq: (count: 1)

A separated album leaf showing man pouring wine (recto) and woman pouring wine (verso): (count: 1)

Illustrated miniature: (count: 1)

Illustrated folio from a Ragamala (Garland of Melodies): (count: 1)

in captivity awaiting trail by British for support of the uprising of 1857-58: (count: 1)

Folio 1 - Verso: (count: 1)

Impey album: (count: 1)

Court: Kishangarh: (count: 1)

Kishangarh court: (count: 1)

From the Bhagavata Purana: (count: 1)

From the Devasanaparo Bhandar Kalpasutra: (count: 1)

(top) From the series Cosmic Buddha Vairochana: (count: 1)

From the Panchatantra: (count: 1)

Blue and white glazed pottery; slightly flattened bulbous body with three applied loop handles and a flaring trumpet neck.: (count: 1)

3673 of 11845 records have the cho_description_abstract value